examples/embassy-net-tcp: document tcp echo server access via telnet (#63)
future-proof-iot/RIOT-rs: examples/embassy-net-tcp/README.md

    laze build -b nrf52840dk run

With the device USB cable connected, a USB ethernet device should pop up.

> RIOT-rs will reply to ping requests on 10.42.0.61 and hosts a telnet server on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RIOT-rs will reply to ping requests on 10.42.0.61 and host a tcp service on
```

Author: Thanks, should be fixed

> port 1234 that will echo the input back to the client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
port 1234 that will echo the input back to the client. It can be accessed with e.g., `telnet`:
```
